gh-143658: importlib.metadata: Use `str.translate` to improve performance of `importlib.metadata.Prepared.normalized` (#143660)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2026-01-10-15-40-57.gh-issue-143658.Ox6pE5.rst

:mod:`importlib.metadata`: Use ``translate`` to improve performance of

> ``canonicalize_name``. Patch by Hugo van Kemenade and Henry Schreiner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`importlib.metadata`: Use :meth:`str.translate` to improve performance of
:meth:`!importlib.metadata.Prepared.normalize`. Patch by Hugo van Kemenade and
Henry Schreiner.
```

I don't think we should mention a function that doesn't exist so let's mention the affacted object (even if it is not documented online)

Author: Thanks, copy and paste mistake :)
